Mithril update 2024-09-04 (#457)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-09-04-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-09-04-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> The Mithril team kept working on decentralizing the signature orchestration of the Mithril network. In this preliminary phase, they have started implementing a buffer store for individual signatures which could arrive in advance to an aggregator and they have moved signer registrations broadcast to the aggregator's epoch settings route. They also followed-up on the Chang upgrade to make sure the Mithril networks worked properly and to tidy up some code which is not necessary anymore. Additionally, they implemented seamless transition from unstable to stable features in the WASM client.
> 
> Finally, they have activated a feature to select the arithmetic backend used by Mithril cryptography in the client, and they have refactored the signer dependencies organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mithril team kept working on decentralizing the signature orchestration of the Mithril network. In this preliminary phase, they began implementing a buffer store for individual signatures that may arrive before being processed by an aggregator. Additionally, they moved the broadcast of signer registrations to the aggregator’s epoch settings route. The team also monitored the Chang upgrade to ensure the Mithril networks operated correctly and cleaned up unnecessary code. Additionally, they implemented a seamless transition from unstable to stable features in the WASM client.

Finally, the team activated a feature allowing the selection of the arithmetic backend used by Mithril cryptography in the client and refactored the organization of signer dependencies.
```

## Low level overview

> - Completed the issue **Follow-up `Chang` hard-fork** [#1910](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1910)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Completed the issue **Follow-up `Chang` hard fork** [#1910](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/1910)
```
